[Music]
are you cute or hot personality test
it's time to find out if people see you
as a little cutie pie or a drop-dead
babe you have four options for each of
the ten questions you'll see how many
points you get for your choice after
each one add them up and find out more
about the true you number one which of
the following could be your happy song a
girls just want to have fun by Cyndi
Lauper be roar by Katy Perry see
Paradise by Coldplay or deep happy by
Pharrell Williams a twenty points be
forty points see 30 points D ten points
number two how do you react to a flirty
text from a stranger hey I don't get any
of those
beep delete delete delete who knows what
this person is after see I replied to it
and asked the sender to introduce
themselves D I feel flattered but ignore
it let them make a better effort and
send me some flowers a ten points B 20
points C forty points D 30 points
where do your eyes go when you first
meet a handsome guy
hey their eyes their the windows to the
soul be their muscles I like a man that
works out see their voice I can easily
fall in love with it or deep their
facial expressions they tell you a lot a
ten points B 40 points C 20 points D 30
points
what would you never do to get someone
to like you a wear a revealing little
number to the place I know I'll run into
them
B be the first to playfully touch their
hand C send them an anonymous flirty
text or deed I wouldn't do any of the
above a 20 points B 30 points C 40
points D 10 points what is your driving
style
hey I don't really like to drive I stick
to public transportation be carefully
100% by the book see I Drive to impress
and throw in some dangerous maneuvers
every now and then D I like to speed
it gives me power and confidence a
twenty points B ten points C 30 points D
forty points describe your ideal Friday
night a movie night with my friends be
bar-hopping
see some quiet time at home D getting my
sweat on at the gym a twenty points be
40 points C 10 points D 30 points pick a
fruit a banana be Apple C strawberry
d orange
a 40 points B 10 points
C 30 points D 20 points
pick a dessert a cupcakes be jello C
apple pie D peeps a 20 points B 40
points C 10 points D 30 points what do
you do when you feel like you need some
change in your life a throw away a bunch
of old stuff
B get a tattoo to commemorate the moment
and start a new chapter C change my
major or get a new job
go big or go home D fall in love with
someone or something new and dedicate
all my energy to it a 20 points B 30
points C 40 points D 10 points do you
believe in love at first sight a yep and
that's the one I'm waiting for
be love nope passion yes see
love isn't a spontaneous thing it's hard
work d not really but I like to make
others believe I do
a 20 points B 30 points C 10 points D 40
points
if you got 100 to 170 points you are a
goody-two-shoes you're smart and you
know exactly what's right for you you
care a lot about your future and you
realize stupid words and actions can
affect it in the most negative way
that's why you always think twice before
doing or saying anything and take full
responsibility for your decisions you
prefer the classic style and your
outfits are perfectly well balanced if
your final score is between 180 and 250
points you're really cute
you're nice sweet and charming you don't
like to draw too much attention to
yourself so you never dress or act
provocatively
and of course you never break the rules
you believe in true once-in-a-lifetime
love and it's definitely waiting for you
in case you haven't found it yet did you
get 262 320 points if so you can proudly
call yourself a diva you've got true
style and your personality shines
brighter than any diamonds you always
have it your way
and don't let anyone change your mind or
affect who you are you're super popular
and your friends often ask you for
advice when it comes to style or
relationships keep on shining sweetie if
you scored 330 to 400 points you're
really hot when you walk into a room
someone better call the firefighters
because you are smoking babe well that
might be an exaggeration but you do like
to play with fire and you're a real risk
taker you always get what you want and
you're ready to fight for what you love
you dress to impress and never shy away
in public you know you can easily make
anyone fall in love with you so use this
talent wisely so are you HOT or cute do
you agree with your result tell us in
the comments below don't forget to
subscribe to stay on the bright side of
life